Q1
"Which is your preferred go-to, on-the-fly drink?"
W-Dark Cherry Powerade.
H-Ice water.
T-Dr. Pepper


Q2
"If you were up to bat in a baseball game and a ball was thrown directly at you, what would you do?"
T-Get hit by the pitch and jog happily to first.
W-Jump out of the batter's box and take a daddy-hack at it.
H-I wouldn't be batting; I would be chasing butterflies in the outfield because I don't care about baseball.


Q3
"If you were stuck with only three TV shows to choose from, which would you select?"
H-Nat Geo's Into the Wild
W-NCIS
T-Ring of Honor Wrestling


Q4
"What would be your reaction to your grandmother giving you a pair of ugly socks for Christmas?"
T-To wear them for a day because it's your grandmother.
H-To turn in the receipt and use the money to buy something different.
W-To burn them in the backyard and then mail her an envelope with the ashes.


Q5
"On a sunny day would you prefer to:"
T-Go outside and sunbathe for an hour, despite a chance of horrific sunburn.
H-Go outside and create a homemade sun dial for the fun of it.
W-Stay inside and play Clash of Clans on your phone.


Q6
"Which of the following vacations sounds more appealing?"
H-A trip to Yosemite National Park.
T-Rock climbing in the Appalachian Mountains
W-Sky diving in the Grand Canyon


Q7
"If you had to get one of the three following pets, which would you choose?"
W-A termite colony to unleash underneath the annoying next-door neighbor's wooden deck.
T-A Bengal tiger to keep your mom at bay for when she comes into your room to yell at you for forgetting to do your dishes.
H-A kitten to help soothe the nerves you get from studying for a computer science final.


Q8
"What would you do if you realized that you left your favorite pen in the school library after it closed up for the night?"
T-Get hold of the head librarian's phone number and text them non-stop at 3am.
W-Break open a window and search the entire library until you found it.
H-Forget about it; it's a pen and it's not worth losing 8 hours of sleep over.


BONUS Questions:

For a tie between Warrior and Healer:
"Do you prefer a taco salad or a regular taco?"
W-Regular taco
H-Taco salad

For a tie between Warrior and Tank:
"Do you like high-pressure situations?"
W-Yes
T-No

For a tie between Healer and Tank
"Would you rather walk in the park or take a hike in the mountains?"
H-Walk in the park
T-Hike in the mountains
